ack: refresh (#5436)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ack.md

# ack

> A search tool like grep, optimized for developers.
> See also: `rg`, which is much faster.
> More information: <https://beyondgrep.com/documentation>.

> - Search for files containing a string or regular expression in the current directory and subdirectories:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Search for files containing a string or regular expression in the current directory recursively:
```

`ack "{{search_pattern}}"`

- Search for a case-insensitive pattern:

`ack --ignore-case "{{search_pattern}}"`

> - Search for lines matching a pattern, printing [o]nly the matched text and not the rest of the line:

Reviewer: As with `grep`, I'm not convinced of the usefulness of `-o` here. Could you give some example scenarios in which it might be useful?

Author: I don't use `ack` (I like `rg` better), but with `grep` it's useful if you know regular expressions but you don't know the syntax of `awk`, `sed`, etc., and you just want to extract data from a file or HTTP response real quick.  Also, you can see it's used (obviously frequently) [here](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5392/files#diff-6b7ae119ed0f8d762365985f1cbb0b88af178ceb5f960cce0d5e9579a2102226R4).

Author: Also, why not add it?  It helps reach 8 examples. Unless you're thinking of a stdin example as with `grep`...

Reviewer: Ah, I see. In that case, it can perhaps stay here.

I would suggest though that parsing HTML etc with `grep`/`awk` is not something we should encourage though.

Author: No, certainly not.  That's just what I most frequently use `-o` for 👍🏻

`ack -o "{{search_pattern}}"`

- Limit search to files of a specific type:

`ack --type={{ruby}} "{{search_pattern}}`

- Do not search in files of a specific type:

`ack --type=no{{ruby}} "{{search_pattern}}`

> - Count the total number of matches for the search pattern:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Count the total number of matches found:
```
